Ever since you came into my view
the world changed completely
And in the midst of all the flawless time I spent
it’s breaking apart in a strange gravity
“I love—” but I stop saying in mid-sentence
“I love”, “I love”, so many times
In the midst of a growing love, of changing feelings, you shine brilliantly
Irregular, like paints diving into a water tank and melting
I wouldn’t have even noticed
these vivid colors if I was alone
You feigned ignorance, said it’s normal
—so let me finish what I started saying to you—“I love—”
I don’t understand how you smile at invisible things
So beautiful you make me dizzy
I’m still living with a sense of inferiority
I love, I love—a clumsy knot
I love, I love—fumbling around for it
I love your love—untie it, entwine it
I repeat it over and over
In a galaxy decorated with replicas, in a darkness made by curtains
No-one lamenting in the gray city—I love, hold tight to the evidence
Happiness, sadness, and unpunctuated thoughts
I hope we can agree even if we’re unsure
even more than sharing them completely
In overlapping love, in fuzzy emotions, in the brief span of a blink
The present you gave me is this awfully kind world
Irregular
I wouldn’t even had noticed this gentle light if I was alone
You feigned ignorance, said it’s normal
—so let me finish what I started saying to you—“I love—”
We accept each other as this nameless night goes on